[Gateway] ChatGPT tenant headers (#25463)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/learning-paths/holistic-ai-security/build-security-policies/set-policy-approval.mdx

   | Selector    | Operator | Value                     |
   | ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
   | Application | in       | _Artificial Intelligence_ |

5. Under **Identity**, build a logical express that defines the user identity you want to capture and log their prompts to review for data loss prevention.

   | Selector    | Operator | API Value                                                          |
   | ----------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
   | Application | in       | `any(identity.groups.name[*] in {\"contractors\" \"cohort-224\"})` |

6. For **Action**, select **Allow**.
7. Select **Create policy**.

## Configure Gateway to use ChatGPT workspace header

If your organization uses [ChatGPT Business](https://chatgpt.com/business/), you can configure a Gateway policy to enforce the use of your organization's workspace ID, ensuring all traffic to ChatGPT is correctly associated with your account. This will implement Gateway [tenant control](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tenant-control/), which lets you manage how users interact with specific applications.

> To create this policy, you'll add a custom HTTP header to your Gateway policy. This header, `Chatgpt-Allowed-Workspace-Id`, ensures that only requests with your organization's unique workspace ID are permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create this policy, you will add a custom HTTP header to your Gateway policy. This header, `Chatgpt-Allowed-Workspace-Id`, ensures that only requests with your organization's unique workspace ID are permitted.
```
